Docs - rework group analytics doc (#9946)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/_snippets/capture-group-event-code.mdx

<MultiLanguage>

```js-web
// Option 1 (recommended):
// Call posthog.group()

> // This has the side-effect that all subsequent events in the session are associated to the group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// This has the side-effect that all subsequent events in the session are associated with the group
```

<MultiLanguage>

```js-web

> // Option 1 (recommended):
> // Call posthog.group()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Option 1 (recommended): Call posthog.group()
```

// Note that this has the side-effect that for the rest of the session 

> // all subsequent events captured will be associated to the group

Reviewer 2: Also is it session or for that `distinct_id`? I've never checked.

> // all subsequent events captured will be associated to the group

Author: It would be for the session

posthog.group('company', 'company_id_in_your_db');
posthog.capture('user_signed_up'); // This event is associated with the company above

> // Option 2: 
> // Set the group property in posthog.capture()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Option 2: Set the group property in posthog.capture()
```

> // This method doesn't have the side-effect of associating all future events to the group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// This method doesn't have the side-effect of associating the session's events to the group
```

```

```ios_swift

> // Option 1 (recommended):
> // Call group()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Option 1 (recommended): Call group()
```

> // Note that this has the side-effect that for the rest of the session 
> // all subsequent events captured will be associated to the group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// This has the side-effect that all subsequent events in the session are associated to the group
```

PostHogSDK.shared.group(type: "company", key: "company_id_in_your_db")
PostHogSDK.shared.capture("user_signed_up") // This event is associated with the company above

> // Option 2: 
> // Set the group property in capture()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Option 2: Set the group property in capture()
```

> // This method doesn't have the side-effect of associating all future events to the group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// This method doesn't have the side-effect of associating the session's events to the group
```

PostHogSDK.shared.capture(
    event: "user_signed_up",
    properties: [
        "$groups": [
            "company": "company_id_in_your_db"
        ]
    ]
)
```

```android_kotlin

> // Option 1 (recommended):
> // Call group()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Option 1 (recommended): Call group()
```

> // Note that this has the side-effect that for the rest of the session 
> // all subsequent events captured will be associated to the group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// This has the side-effect that all subsequent events in the session are associated to the group
```

PostHog.group(type = "company", key = "company_id_in_your_db")
PostHog.capture("user_signed_up") // This event is associated with the company above

> // Option 2: 
> // Set the group property in capture()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Option 2: Set the group property in capture()
```

> // This method doesn't have the side-effect of associating all future events to the group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// This method doesn't have the side-effect of associating the session's events to the group
```
